Shaojie, don't you know President Wan?
You go to him
Maybe not only will you get an invitation letter
You can also get some projects
Aunt, it seems that President Wan has a distinguished guest tonight
I wasn't doing well in the past
Shaojie, just try it
Just a simple chat
OK.
Don't get beat up by his bodyguards after drinking this time
You have left
If there is any problem with the bicycle tire
My name is Chen Shaojie
Lin family starter
Meet Mr. Wan
We are friends of President Wan
Tonight, President Wan also sent someone to give us a gift.
Leave immediately
I have reserved the Tianzi box for you.
You are visiting the president's distinguished guest
This back is so familiar
It seems to be Ye Longyuan
That's not possible.
How could that trash be the guest of the foreign president?
It's just that the back is a bit similar
Shao Jie is right
Since you can't see President Wan
Then go see Mr. Xiao
Let him take us to see President Wan
Is there really such a god-like back in this world?